# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile - -o requirements.txt
alembic==1.15.2
    # via oslo-db
amqp==5.3.1
    # via
    #   kombu
    #   oslo-messaging
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via starlette
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
automaton==3.2.0
    # via taskflow
autopage==0.5.2
    # via cliff
awslambdaric==3.0.2
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via oslo-middleware
boto3==1.38.5
botocore==1.38.5
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   taskflow
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.8
    # via uvicorn
cliff==4.9.1
    # via
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
cmd2==2.5.11
    # via cliff
cryptography==44.0.2
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   pyopenssl
    #   python-openstackclient
debtcollector==3.0.0
    # via
    #   futurist
    #   oslo-cache
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   taskflow
decorator==5.2.1
    # via
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   openstacksdk
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via eventlet
dogpile-cache==1.4.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-cache
dotenv==0.9.9
eventlet==0.39.1
    # via oslo-service
fastapi==0.115.12
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   taskflow
filelock==3.18.0
    # via torch
fsspec==2025.3.2
    # via torch
futurist==3.1.1
    # via
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   taskflow
greenlet==3.2.1
    # via
    #   eventlet
    #   oslo-service
    #   sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via uvicorn
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==8.7.0
    # via wsme
iso8601==2.1.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-utils
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-reports
    #   torch
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
    #   openstacksdk
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   warlock
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   taskflow
    #   warlock
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
keystoneauth1==5.10.0
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   openstacksdk
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
keystonemiddleware==10.9.0
kombu==5.5.3
    # via oslo-messaging
mako==1.3.10
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   pecan
mangum==0.19.0
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   werkzeug
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
msgpack==1.1.0
    # via oslo-serialization
netaddr==1.3.0
    # via
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-utils
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   wsme
networkx==3.4.2
    # via
    #   taskflow
    #   torch
numpy==2.2.5
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   tensorboardx
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.6.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.6.80
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.5.1.17
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.0.4
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.11.1.6
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.7.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.1.2
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.4.2
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.26.2
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.85
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
openstacksdk==4.5.0
    # via
    #   os-client-config
    #   osc-lib
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-openstackclient
os-client-config==2.1.0
    # via python-neutronclient
os-service-types==1.7.0
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   openstacksdk
osc-lib==4.0.0
    # via
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo-cache==3.10.1
    # via keystonemiddleware
oslo-concurrency==7.1.0
    # via
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
oslo-config==9.7.1
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   oslo-cache
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-metrics
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   pycadf
    #   python-keystoneclient
oslo-context==5.7.1
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
oslo-db==17.2.1
oslo-i18n==6.5.1
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-cache
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   oslo-utils
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
oslo-log==7.1.0
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   oslo-cache
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-metrics
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   python-neutronclient
oslo-messaging==16.1.0
    # via oslo-versionedobjects
oslo-metrics==0.11.0
    # via oslo-messaging
oslo-middleware==6.4.0
    # via oslo-messaging
oslo-policy==4.5.1
    # via oslo-upgradecheck
oslo-reports==3.5.1
oslo-serialization==5.7.0
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   pycadf
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   taskflow
oslo-service==4.1.1
    # via oslo-messaging
oslo-upgradecheck==2.5.0
oslo-utils==8.2.0
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-cache
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-metrics
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   taskflow
oslo-versionedobjects==3.6.0
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   tensorboardx
pandas==2.2.3
paste==3.10.1
    # via oslo-service
pastedeploy==3.1.0
    # via oslo-service
pbr==6.1.1
    # via
    #   automaton
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   openstacksdk
    #   os-service-types
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-concurrency
    #   oslo-context
    #   oslo-i18n
    #   oslo-log
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-metrics
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   stevedore
    #   taskflow
    #   testresources
    #   testscenarios
pecan==1.6.0
platformdirs==4.3.7
    # via openstacksdk
prettytable==3.16.0
    # via
    #   automaton
    #   cliff
    #   oslo-upgradecheck
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-novaclient
prometheus-client==0.21.1
    # via oslo-metrics
protobuf==6.30.2
    # via tensorboardx
psutil==7.0.0
    # via
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-reports
    #   oslo-utils
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
pycadf==4.0.1
    # via keystonemiddleware
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via fastapi
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydot==3.0.4
    # via taskflow
pyjwt==2.10.1
    # via keystonemiddleware
pyopenssl==25.0.0
    # via python-glanceclient
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   oslo-utils
    #   pydot
pyperclip==1.9.0
    # via cmd2
python-barbicanclient==7.1.0
python-cinderclient==9.7.0
    # via python-openstackclient
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   oslo-log
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via dotenv
python-glanceclient==4.8.0
python-heatclient==4.1.0
python-keystoneclient==5.6.0
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-openstackclient
python-neutronclient==11.4.0
    # via python-octaviaclient
python-novaclient==18.9.0
python-octaviaclient==3.10.0
python-openstackclient==8.0.0
    # via python-octaviaclient
python-swiftclient==4.7.0
    # via python-heatclient
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   wsme
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   openstacksdk
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-policy
    #   oslo-utils
    #   python-heatclient
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
repoze-lru==0.7
    # via routes
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-policy
    #   python-barbicanclient
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-glanceclient
    #   python-heatclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-neutronclient
    #   python-octaviaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   python-swiftclient
requestsexceptions==1.4.0
    # via openstacksdk
rfc3986==2.0.0
    # via oslo-config
routes==2.5.1
    # via oslo-service
rpds-py==0.24.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
s3transfer==0.12.0
    # via boto3
setuptools==80.0.1
    # via
    #   paste
    #   pbr
    #   pecan
    #   testtools
    #   torch
    #   triton
simplegeneric==0.8.1
    # via wsme
simplejson==3.20.1
    # via awslambdaric
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   routes
snapshot-restore-py==1.0.0
    # via awslambdaric
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via anyio
sqlalchemy==2.0.40
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   oslo-db
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
statsd==4.0.1
    # via oslo-middleware
stevedore==5.4.1
    # via
    #   cliff
    #   dogpile-cache
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   osc-lib
    #   oslo-config
    #   oslo-db
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-policy
    #   python-cinderclient
    #   python-keystoneclient
    #   python-novaclient
    #   python-openstackclient
    #   taskflow
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
taskflow==5.12.0
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via taskflow
tensorboardx==2.6.2.2
testresources==2.0.2
    # via oslo-db
testscenarios==0.5.0
    # via oslo-db
testtools==2.7.2
    # via testscenarios
torch==2.7.0
triton==3.3.0
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   alembic
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   keystoneauth1
    #   mangum
    #   openstacksdk
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   pyopenssl
    #   referencing
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via pydantic
tzdata==2025.2
    # via
    #   kombu
    #   oslo-serialization
    #   oslo-utils
    #   pandas
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
uvicorn==0.34.2
vine==5.1.0
    # via
    #   amqp
    #   kombu
warlock==2.0.1
    # via python-glanceclient
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via
    #   cmd2
    #   prettytable
webob==1.8.9
    # via
    #   keystonemiddleware
    #   oslo-messaging
    #   oslo-middleware
    #   oslo-service
    #   oslo-versionedobjects
    #   pecan
    #   wsme
werkzeug==3.1.3
wrapt==1.17.2
    # via
    #   debtcollector
    #   python-glanceclient
wsme==0.12.1
yappi==1.6.10
    # via oslo-service
zipp==3.21.0
    # via importlib-metadata
